The Hollywood California Meltdown Comics, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much. Bad show tonight, bad show.
It's not feeling it. Yesterday was Valentine's Day.
I'm not at liberty to say whether or not I use recreational drugs,
but if they're in a hypothetical universe where there was one that facilitated
intimate coupling, maybe some sort of like ecstatic sensations.
Something that would have been prescribed to couples before it was illegalized
back in the 80s, I think. I would have probably taken that yesterday
and I would be having a serotonin depletion right now
with just pleasant memories of seeing Wicked at the Pantages.
You went? How was it?
It was good.
Was it a big musical theater guide? You enjoyed it?
I like a good musical. I mean, I don't like a bad one. No one does.
I don't know what that makes me. A regular old musical consumer.
I used to go, when I was a kid, we went to every play at the Pantages.
That's a very fond childhood kind of memory for me.
It's about a witch.
Is she the protagonist of the tale?
Even though she's a witch?
We'll do a little reversal.
Were you theoretically on this ecstatic sort of possible thing during the show?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know why. I mean, I'm especially not allowed to talk about
the possibility of my wife going near this stuff.
But if she had, I would have said to her,
would you really want to do that during this?
I would have said yes, but we didn't.
But if I had, then I would have been sitting there with my eyeballs kind of going,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Do you think that would possibly have enhanced your wicked viewing pleasure,
or was it distracting? Hypothetically?
It's a synthetic drug. I think you kind of, if you take mushrooms or acid,
not that I ever have, but if you, those change your experience,
like your perception of things, I think that, you know,
my experience with the ecstasy family of drugs,
it's a very small family.
I think it's just that guy at Molly, his friend Molly, right?
It just kind of, you know, it kind of puts you in a certain mood,
but everything that's happening around you, you know,
you're not, you're emotionally receiving it differently,
but you're not like, you know, experiencing anything other than what's actually happening.
So I guess I was kind of like, this musical puts me in a great mood,
which may not be true, but I don't know.
Maybe it was bad. I don't know. It seemed good to me.
She was green. She flew.
I mean, don't let this guy, like, tell you whether or not I had a good time yesterday.
It'll sound terrible. I'm, this is what happens.
This is the price you pay for your disco drugs.
All those highs you kids are on, they have lows.
Yeah, I'm rotten as a fucking chop today, man.
I apparently drank 100,000 drinks in Anacord as Washington yesterday.
I was telling them backstage, I was on the plane,
and I had to go into the lavatory just to get it together.
Like, I just sat in there like, it was really nice in there too.
I was like, I can't be around human beings right now.
That's called delirium tremens, I believe is the word.
It's not good.
Well, good news is I guess I'm bored with the black people now.
I think we kind of...
You got that out of your system?
Yeah.
We really double dipped last time too.
I didn't mean for that to happen, but I wanted anybody that did come
just for the asking to be rewarded for it for sure.
I don't know if either of those two guys, Brian and Max,
if they actually, it sounded like they had those coincidences that they were here.
Because there were other people tweeting me going,
I'm going to come to the show because I'm black and you asked for it.
And I thought if they do that, then that's very sacrificial of them.
They should be given a reward of some kind.
A spotlight, for instance.
But having their race acknowledged and having them be dehumanized through it.
Anatolia, are you having a weird psychotic episode over here?
What's going on?
Can we get a camera on this guy?
What is happening?
Anatolia, you kind of have to.
Normally we ask if you want to, but if you're going to sit in the front row
and do that, you have to show people what you're doing.
At least stand up and face the audience and give them what I'm getting here.
This is very horrifying.
Completely nightmare inducing.
How are you?
Oh boy.
Oh no.
Careful.
Oh boy.
Oh no, I thought you were going to fall.
Do you want to talk for a little bit?
Okay.
Have a seat over there.
I'm enjoying the sweater of this space kitten.
I love that.
It's got those earbud laces.
Yeah, and I can do it like get listened to the music.
And it goes like right to my nipples.
So the cat is listening and sorry your nipples.
Have you heard of these bone shaking headphones?
They use your bone, your skull to conduct the music.
So there's no actual sound happening.
It's just using your skull as a speaker.
That makes sense.
At least for me.
Yeah, you look like you could use some disruption.
I just hear music constantly, like every time.
Obviously we're not going to ask, what are you doing?
Why are you doing that?
That's what you want us to do.
And then you'll be like, I don't know.
Here's your medal for whatever this movement is.
I'm not going to play the role of your father
shooting you looks over the top of my newspaper.
I'm going to support you.
One of those dads, the dads that you end up calling by his first name when you move out.
Yeah, that's good.
So what, have you been directing anything lately?
I know you came out here to direct.
I'm kind of trying to make my desert film right now, my desert short.
Desert Shield?
No, it doesn't sound like that.
My final short in my program.
Oh, you're short.
Are you talented enough to justify this level of eccentricity?
Yeah, I mean, I'm pretty sure I am.
One would hope that you can back that up.
You can't just start wearing kitten costumes and stuff.
I mean, well, you got to go, never mind.
I mean, yeah, okay.
So what's your short about?
Can you tell us?
It's called about love, but it's not about love.
Nice.
What's it about?
It's just like shots of a factory.
And then a razor blade on a coffee table.
As a tea kettle whistles.
About love.
I'm a little bit lost.
What's happening right now?
That's all it took in the 70s.
You were working for Spielberg after that.
What?
For real?
Is it 70s right now?
Are you on anything?
Oh, I mean, oh, fuck.
It's a safe place to tell us.
Yeah?
Yeah.
No.
I mean, yeah.
I'm never on anything.
It just costs a lot of money to be on something, so I don't do it.
So the thing keeping you from being a drug addict is the financial aspect?
Yeah, because I mean, that's like my main problem.
Because as I see it, you always have risk of becoming heavily addicted to it.
And then you need a lot of money for rehabs and stuff.
So I don't start with it.
Because when you have no money and start drugs, it's like your future is not bright.
It might be not bright.
So I just kind of want to get some money first and then start with drugs.
It's good thinking.
So in the meantime, you're just drinking?
I don't drink.
Do you have an inner ear infection?
There must be some explanation.
You seem a little wobbly and eccentric.
I'm just an artist.
Oh, okay.
All right, okay.
I won't keep pushing it then.
You're just a wobbly, dizzy magazine page wearing sober Russian...
It's like my entire life is my art project.
And it goes from, yeah, and it doesn't mean anything, at least for me.
But it might mean something for people around.
And they will see me in my art and that's how art exists.
Can we start a fun to get you really high for next week?
I wanted to see, because when we checked in with you, when we met you,
you said you came out here to be a director and we tried to have you direct us.
And you just told us, talk louder or something?
A lot of costume notes.
I mean, because it's the most important thing, at least in film directing,
if it's going on camera, it should look real.
If I remember correctly, it was a scene from a madman,
and you were Don Draper and you were dressed like you.
And on an episode of a madman, Don Draper would be dressed like that.
It won't be a madman.
It's for real, it's the first note.
The most important thing.
If you're a crew of one, then you are also the wardrobe supervisor.
You should be like, alright.
So until we get you a 200 person crew, we'll never get a taste of your directing.
I wanted to see how far you've come as a director,
and you've been going to film school all this time.
Yeah, I'm pretty far.
Yeah, I mean, if Jeff and I were to do another scene from Madman,
could you get beyond our wardrobe?
Okay, okay, I'll pretend like you're dressed fine, yeah.
Okay.
Alright, in this scene, Don Draper is coming into Peggy's office.
Oh, hello Don.
What's going on with that Heinz report?
I was going to have it on your desk.
I just got distracted.
My husband and I have been having problems at home.
Can I make a few things perfectly clear?
It's not going to be one of those sexist monologues you go into, is it?
There's two things you're good for around here.
The Heinz account.
And the Heinz account.
I said it twice, because it's twice as important.
This whole firm relies on the Heinz account.
I don't watch Madman.
Thank you.
Yeah, I noticed that.
Alright, so you have some notes?
By the way, this is now just starting to seem natural, this whole thing now.
Yeah.
Now we're strangely all okay with this.
Yeah, I mean the main note is you should watch Madman.
Oh, alright.
Okay.
Alright, well, okay, I mean, so...
Should we try...
Can we do like a Russian film?
Can we do like some kind of like artistic...
Solaris.
Solaris?
Solaris, yeah.
Tarkovsky's movie.
Yeah, about space and shit.
Can we do a Tartovsky in space movie?
Well, can I predict his first note?
Will he be in space?
This seems like a lot of convenience.
I mean, I put this work in and then he's like,
come back when you're in space.
Then I did it.
I don't know, I'm getting offended.
Yeah, I'm offended, but...
We exposed ourselves during that and you just, you know,
you get to sit there in your little director's chair
with hiding behind a...
I love Lucy.
What is this you got on your face?
I have no idea.
All right, we'll give you one more chance.
We'll do Tartovsky in space.
Tarkovsky, Tarkovsky in space, okay.
Captain.
There is a potato shortage in the potato locker.
Potato is not important right now.
Go to airlock.
Captain, how can you say that?
The airlock is leaking.
There is a leak in the airlock.
With all due respect, Captain, it will not matter
if we have air or not, if we don't have potatoes.
You need air more than potatoes.
We'll just see.
Yes, I'm just kidding.
Tartovsky in space.
All right, so...
Wait, he looks excited about this one.
He's getting into this one.
I didn't even get what just happened in this scene.
Someone died or...
Yeah, he had an oxygen mask.
I just haven't seen it, but yeah.
I just, I can't see stuff around me with this mask.
So, yeah.
The little eye holes are not cut out like in a certain aspect ratio
so you're always seeing the frame.
Come on, direct us.
Give us some fucking notes.
Some fucking notes on your improv.
Oh, the story?
How would you, if that was the starting point of our rehearsal
and we were going to shoot this thing,
what would your direction be?
My direction would be, don't do stupid accent
because it doesn't make sense.
If you're Russian, you either speak Russian
or if it's in a movie, you speak perfect English.
You're speaking in a stupid Russian accent right now.
I mean, it's kind of the...
I'm not in the movie.
The pot calling the Samovar black.
Where have you seen reality in movies?
Where have you seen something real in movies?
I'm not in a movie, so I can't speak however I want.
It's pretty, pretty defensive.
No.
Well, check in with you again in the next semester
to see if you've learned anything.
Let's have a hand for Wobbly,
Edgy,
Dangerous, and Atoli.
To be fair, my Russian accent was pretty crap.
It was kind of a real Euro rail pass.
Yeah, but, you know, lame.
Lame directing.
I'm supposed to tell us to get angry
and then we get angry.
We would have gone, like, good job directing us.
We got angry. That's all you had to do.
Giving them, like, force.
Now he's just flipping you off from the front row.
All right, so that was the energy boost I needed to...
That was, like, taking another capsule of Molly.
When did they start calling it Molly?
Why did that happen?
They just keep moving that goalpost.
When I first encountered it, we called it X.
Like, Jamie Kennedy X.
But then the kids were like, that's lame.
It's E. I called it E for X to see.
And then it's Molly.
Is Molly just more of a pure MDMA kind of thing?
It's cut with amphetamine?
I thought Molly's pure MDMA.
It's the other way around.
I think X to C always had a little speedy component to it.
And then MDMA is more like, this is...
You can just wiggle your eyeballs and...
Yeah, I went to the Hollywood Bowl
and saw Horst's Planets.
And on a little bit of Molly, and it was a groovy.
It was very good.
I recommend that.
Oh, boy.
I mean, I say we're going to have bad shows a lot,
but I really meant it this time.
I feel like we can coast on Tartosky in space
for another half hour.
I don't think that was that good.
I think they're being nice.
They want us to entertain them.
They feel stupid for paying $10.
They're going to tend to jump on anything they can.
Yeah, we don't even have Spencer tonight.
Spencer, do you hear that?
Spencer, can you hear me?
Well, let's try an experiment.
Eventually, I want to get these monitors in here
so that we can do, for the live stream,
we can do a feed,
and then people can tweet at us.
And then we can respond to them, kind of.
But like...
For now, let's just do...
This show is like a fucking freight train of entertainment.
This is some breathless shit.
Oh, my God.
I feel like a bum.
All right, pick a hashtag.
Uh, hashtag, uh, Tartosky in space.
That's too hard to spell.
We'll just make it...
Hashtag, potato locker.
Potato shortage.
Okay, hashtag...
Well, okay, potato shortage.
Okay, so if you're watching on the live feed,
I guess these guys can too,
but there goes there's eight laughs we were getting.
Just tweet something at hashtag, potato shortage.
And then we can address their issues.
I love it.
The future is now.
Yeah, let's just wait for that.
So you're saying that we would have a monitor,
meaning that this would be happening live during the show?
Like, up here?
Well, yeah, something so that they can see.
Because the idea would be if you were watching the live stream,
then it would be like a lower third.
But then they have to see the same thing
that the people on the live stream are seeing.
That's the difficulty.
I'd like to do more visual stuff,
just to make people mad,
that are listening for free.
They're gonna wonder what the hell was on
Anatoly's face the entire time.
Like, we'll start playing, like, fun, like,
photos from a safari.
Is Erin here tonight,
or is she recovering from hypothetical serotonin levels?
She went with a group of, like, 50 girls
to see 50 Shades of Grey.
They did a whole outing.
I don't know if those were groans of pleasure,
or pain, as the source material, I guess,
would want me to be confused, right?
I'm assuming, as a blurred line.
I don't know, isn't it?
It's about S&M stuff.
Oh, fuck, I left my book on the plane.
God damn it.
Not 50 Shades of Grey.
I was reading another book.
What book were you reading?
It's called Rubicon.
It's about the last days of the Roman Empire.
It was very good.
Anybody read it? Tom Holland, right?
Really well-written stuff,
and then, of course, leave it on the plane.
You got a copy of it?
You audio-booked it?
Yeah, I have to go find it.
All right, hit me with a fucking rap beat.
Oh, shit.
Let's just, like, let's just, let's get this thing.
Let's go deep.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Big pile of booties out front.
Fuck your mouth.
That's the only thing that rhymes with that is...
All right, all right, that's enough, that's enough.
That's how this is gonna go.
I thought it would bring up the energy, but...
It's not that the rap bar was ever set that high by you,
but that was poor.
That was very poor.
I didn't get to the first rhyme.
But I'm calling that a victory.
Not getting to the rhyme of that one.
Oh, I got one. All right, play it.
Do you like that beat? You want to feel something else?
Play the same one.
Sorry, I just sprayed back on you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Baby dance, baby dance, baby dance, baby dance.
Big pile of booties out front.
Candid camera hosted by Alan Funt.
Saw your mama just the other day.
Got her on my knees and I started to pray.
Because your mama's booty is like a god to me.
It's all that I ever see, like a touchy roll.
In those old ads, I fucked your mama.
Her name is Tad.
Fatty is by birth.
Then later shortened to the informal tad.
I took your mama to the beach.
I fed her apples, I fed her a peach.
She started to get heartburn because the citric acid.
That's what we learned is causing her esophagus to fuck her up.
Now she's in a sarcophagus.
She's not dead.
She's just getting out of her head.
That'll meditation exercise.
Fuck your mama between her juicy thighs.
Put my head inside.
I got reverse born.
Now I'm white.
I'm white.
W-I-D-E.
I meant to say it.
It's a new way to say cool.
White.
You're white now.
Alright.
That was good.
See, I feel that energy now.
It doesn't really matter.
That gave them energy.
Then they give it to me and what do I do with it?
I can't say, man.
That shit was wide.
Hashtag potato shortage.
Alright.
Well, I mean...
Let's bring out D'Morge.
D'Morge Brown!
Downtown D'Morge Brown.
Boy, this is when you have to see in the live stream
to really get to...
There's a lot of visual goodies going on here.
That's pretty wide, man.
What is wide for you is wide for other people.
Alright.
So, the Chinese are at it again.
Fucking Chinese, man.
I don't have anything.
I'll check the feed.
Okay, let's see here.
How are you, D'Morge?
It's a very exciting shirt you have on there.
Thank you very much.
Well, it's Valentine's Day weekend.
I thought I would do something for myself.
As I'm only with myself.
Single ladies.
Are you a single gentleman?
Yeah, I am.
For how long?
Until someone solves that riddle, you know?
When was the last time you were in a series?
Ah, geez. Like a couple of years ago, I think.
Yeah.
What's your record for the longest relationship?
I think like seven years.
Six years? Something like that.
Like college and then some.
It's a wonderful person.
She was a great person. She was a good kid.
And then what?
And then I moved to Los Angeles.
I wanted to be an actor and she wanted to be a human being.
And I think that's it.
I had to become fictional.
These tweets are very critical.
Maybe this is a bad emotional road to walk down right now.
This guy says,
I think you'd be surprised
how many people would watch a live stream of Dan
just staring at his phone.
Hashtag potato shortage?
I guess I'll hear this on Wednesday,
says this guy.
Damn, Dan can't even rap.
What horrible mush has he made his mind?
Oh!
Damn.
Josh Cahill says,
I felt massive shame this week
when I accidentally bought one ply toilet paper.
The first time I ever went grocery shopping
with Erin,
I don't think she had moved in yet,
but it was sort of like,
one day in a relationship
you both go grocery shopping together.
I remember early in our relationship,
Erin went through a very brief phase
of trying to impress me with how frugal
she was and how unimpressed she was
with my money.
So if I would say,
let's just take a cab there.
She'd be like, no, it's safer to
take a cab.
I needed toilet paper
and she got this giant pack
and said, look,
look at this big pack of toilet paper.
Look how cheap it is.
I'm like, okay, I'm very impressed.
It was one ply
and I'm still wiping my ass with it.
You haven't gotten through yet?
It's only just now, start down to one roll
and finally...
What is the problem with one ply?
I was asking a question.
I mean, it's like, toilet paper is...
No, toilet paper is one of those things
that you have to spend all the money on.
It wasn't a dollar difference.
Go get the good shit.
Until they come up with better
technology than just paper
to wipe the shit out of your butt.
The thicker, the better.
The more between you
and what your body
is even saying,
don't go near this.
The wispy stuff.
Don't put this in your hand.
This is coming out to the other side.
What do you think it's interesting
that we are just worms?
LAUGHTER
You know, a multicellular organism
It becomes like a circle.
It increases the surface area.
Basically, we evolved
from the first multicellular organisms
where these tubes
so shit would go
and digest through.
And we're still tubes.
This is outside your body
inside your butt.
Like what you're doing
when you take a cookie
and you put it in your mouth,
you're just rubbing the outside of your body
along it.
LAUGHTER
Some would say the worm
is on the inside.
The worm is on the inside?
Yeah, and that we are on the outside
doing other things.
We have built on our worm
a whole life.
It's just getting way too wide for me, man.
LAUGHTER
Well, thank you, Josh Cahill,
for not saying shitty things.
Are any of the cameras on?
I don't see any red lights.
This guy is just sending
other rhymes for
front.
Oh, dear. That could be risky.
They're mostly asking about potatoes.
I think that's a mistake we made.
Where's Camel? That's a good question.
Where's Camel?
Are we going to get some Camel?
Why are you about 50 shades?
What feed is this?
I had them tweet at the hashtag
potato shortage.
Any relationship advice on how to stop
a communication breakdown from snowballing?
Hmm.
OK.
How to keep a communication breakdown from snowballing?
You have to
learn that your feelings
are your feelings
and your thoughts
and the mistake that we all make
is we say,
look, you're making me very angry right now
or I feel like
when you come home late from work,
these are constantly doing that.
We're going like, I feel like
you're a piece of shit.
Which is really impossible.
It's not honest.
Isn't that the good part that when somebody says
I feel because normally
what people say is you're a piece of shit
and they don't mean I feel you're a piece of shit?
Exactly. So you have to
tend your own garden and express
what is actually happening inside of you.
Just think of it this way.
What's something that nobody could argue with?
If you said
I'm just uncomfortable
right now.
I don't expect you to do anything.
Anybody who would say, well, you shouldn't be uncomfortable,
they're an asshole.
But if you say to somebody,
I'm uncomfortable so you should move your car,
you should go do something else,
that person is allowed to then say,
well, if I move my car, I'm going to feel like this or that.
But the important thing is to communicate
your feelings, especially with your lover.
No one needs their car moved or anything like that.
All that ever happens is
you both are afraid that the other one
will stop loving you.
And then somebody says, I feel sad
because you did something and then the other person
is like, that's bullshit, I'm not the reason you're sad
and now I feel angry at you
and you're not really sharing feelings,
your own feelings, you're just yelling shit
at each other.
Are you still doing the couples therapy thing?
Yeah, can't you tell?
I'm a master now.
Except I took off my wedding ring
at work and it's sitting on my desk.
Wow.
Oh boy.
It's okay.
It'll still be there.
But yeah, that could have been
like a desk made of quicksand.
So lesson learned,
don't take off your wedding ring.
You're always working right now,
you're pretty much a community all the time, right?
Does that take a toll on you and Aaron?
If you don't have a lot of time to spend with each other.
It's a very big challenge, yeah.
Yeah.
It'll bring the bad stuff out.
Is she here tonight? Is she coming?
She's watching. Oh, I already asked.
50 shades of gray.
Yeah, it's tough,
but we're dealing with it.
We're all right.
When's the light at the end of the tunnel
already?
Sorry, what? I was reading my Twitter feed.
Are you almost done with community?
Yeah, we're shooting
like the 9th episode.
Matt Berry flies in on Tuesday.
We're going to do an episode.
Oh, shit, you know what?
Not a woman.
That reminds me.
A reminder, write script
for Matt Berry for Tuesday.
Hey.
See, you're casting
without any script.
We want you on a thing.
We're in there international like that.
You've got to book them well in advance
and schedule everything with them.
So we knew we were going to do an episode with Matt Berry.
Now we know, as of yesterday,
I woke up, I know what we're going to do.
But then yesterday I played
vanilla.
Valentine's.
Wow.
Valentine's Day.
Vanilla teen.
And today was vanilla Minecraft.
Tomorrow,
which is a holiday,
I'll slave over a hot
keyboard for Matt Berry.
A hit will be born.
I want to hear you
discuss Kanye West. I find him to be
super wide, but there seems to be
a perception created by
I really hope that gains traction.
I want wide to become
a thing for the rest of our lives.
Yeah, I don't know.
SNL is doing their 40-year anniversary
tonight and I have
seen some tweets being critical
of Kanye.
I'm a little out of touch with Kanye.
What's going on in Kanye News?
Is he a pariah?
He seems like he's a very talented producer
and rapper, but he also seems like he's kind of a ding-dong.
It's just, I think,
somebody's given him a formula
that says every six days
he's got to do something publicly.
And the weirder it is, the better.
And so he just kind of plays that ball back and forth.
I mean, you know, it's all just, it all falls away.
And then he throws, when people start to lose
patience with him, he just throws
a slab of incredible music out and tours
for two years and then comes back.
I think it's fine, man.
I like that gold digger song.
You know what I just heard?
I don't know shit about hip-hop.
There'll be a He Loves Hip-Hop
and he played that song Monster for me
with Nicki Minaj and who else is on that, Jay-Z?
It's fucking good.
She's really good on that, too.
I was very excited about that.
She is.
That's the end of my rap knowledge.
When I was in high school,
we all had really big sound systems
in our car.
We all had stolen speakers and amps
and all this shit.
Alpine rants.
Alpine and blowpunks and all that stuff.
We would all play, it was all hip-hop
all the time and we were just a bunch
of white assholes.
It was really cheesy.
Two live crew and shit, like terrible.
Candice Razo says,
I want to have sex with my boyfriend
while he watches Harmontown.
It seems like an extraordinarily
bad idea.
Are we supposed to give her the thumbs up?
Go ahead.
They should do that on the condition
that there's photos made available.
This guy wants me to flip
off Anatoly.
This guy wants me to take off my shirt.
He wants sad shirtless Dan, please.
That apparently is going to happen.
Let's get ready to rumble.
Come on, Coco.
That really is wide.
Can you actually start crying?
Can you produce an actual tear for us, Dan?
It's the new Coco.
Alright, I'm going to try to really cry.
I'm so fat.
Earth is dying.
My dad's going to die.
I can't, there's nothing.
I mean, my dad's not sick or anything.
Otherwise, that would probably work.
Wait, what was the order? Fat?
Earth is dying. My dad's going to die.
Remember the improv show we did
where you ended up naked on stage
and you had a nosebleed so you were covered in blood?
And holding your junk
and I sang you a lullaby
and you were just pouring
bright, incredibly red blood
and Jack Black was in the audience
and we were so embarrassed and he comes back
out of the shirt and he goes,
guys, that was a fucking fiasco.
I just realized we really undermined
Candace, but
you know, if your boyfriend's probably not
going to be able to perform.
Candace's boyfriend just
looked from the neck down
where I'm a beautiful lady.
Don't listen to those haters hate
says at Embrace LeBase.
Your show is going
fucking great.
This guy says
this show is great even without
Serotonin.
This guy says keep talking about
your butt.
So remember when
Candu.
Remember when Spencer
talked about his
caloric, pistolic,
you remember that nest
cyst or whatever.
The day he
started talking about that
I got one
and I've had it the whole time.
I was like could that really be some kind of psychosomatic
like I got this thing that Spencer talked about
and I had it and then
finally it started to go away
and then the next day Spencer told me
his went away.
I remember that story.
I got nothing.
This show is really something.
This one's probably
for Jeff.
I'm trying to learn to make better scones.
What type of fruit or filling should I add?
Fuck you, Dan!
Scones suck, right?
Scones aren't good.
You don't want a fucking scone ever.
You want a croissant or a fucking
something flaky, something light.
You want a biscuit.
It's like cakey gravel sort of.
No, it's not good.
If you're having scones you're doing it wrong,
I believe.
My advice is don't make scones.
Aim higher is my advice.
This guy says
woman pouring her hot coffee
into the trash.
I said you'll start a fire.
She looked at the stream coming out
and screamed.
That's just a crazy guy.
You think?
Maybe that's the one guy who's using
the hashtag potato shortage for something else.
After the moon base
gets set up can Armenians
colonize other celestial bodies like Europa
or something?
Yes.
On the next rixty minutes
might they catch an episode of community?
I don't know.
I saw that fly to
Demorge. That's eight minutes ago.
There was an enormous prehistoric animal
flew by your head.
It was large.
Damon Gentry says
Dan, do you ever get writer's block?
What do you do if that happens?
Aha!
All right.
You're adorable.
You're so cute.
Thank you.
You're like the little Benny Hanukkah.
Benny Hanukkah?
The Benny Hanukkah restaurant logo.
The little Buddha guy.
Benny Hanukkah.
You get a different
one time for each of the eight days.
The
writer's block.
I've said this a thousand times before
but it's
good advice.
Prove that you're a bad writer.
There you go.
Okay.
You're trying to prove that you're a good writer
that's what's blocking you.
No matter how good you get
you're always going to think
that you should be better than you are
and you will be by thinking that
but you're just not going to get you writing right now
and the only thing that's going to make you get better
is practicing and the only thing you're going to be able
to write right now is something worse
than what you think you should be writing.
So you have to stop thinking about the thing
that you're eventually going to be able to do
and you have to start thinking about the thing
that you're terrified you will do
because that will go by very quickly.
It's like cheating.
It's like putting shit in your gas tank.
It's like putting exhaust in your gas tank.
It's like putting your car on it, technically.
Just write badly.
And specifically
do that by saying
okay, I'm going to actually go there.
I'm going to actually show myself
what a piece of shit writer I really am
without thinking about any of it.
I'm impressed by the uniformity of your chest hair.
It's just perfectly
it's very even.
Do you trim that or is that just natural?
Yes.
I spent a great deal of time
on my chest hair and this is the result.
I spend
five hours a day
to achieve
the
god damn it, I forgot his name.
You've got a very impressive little
back neck tuft
going on there too.
Who's the porn star
that ever
ever on Jeremy?
Would have been funny.
Let's all take our shirts off.
What is your thoughts on Spider-Man
in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Bad grammar.
Just kidding, I don't care.
I heard a rumor
about Spider-Man that Sony and Marvel
are now going to be, it's not a rumor, it's news, right?
Sony and Marvel
are going to be sharing Spider-Man now
in some weird way.
Sony gets to make Spider-Man movies
and so does Marvel
and they don't make money off of each other's movies
but they're going to use the same Spider-Man.
Are they using the same Spider-Man?
Which means they're going to have to have
some kind of web slinger summit.
I don't know what to make of it.
Movies are for children now.
I don't care anymore.
Will Erin be playing the role
of Christian Grey
when she comes home tonight?
I don't know.
Who in here has read those books
or any of those books?
applause, anybody?
You?
There's a lot of guilty looking faces out there.
Nobody really?
One and a half?
Are they really bad?
There's too much sex?
That's your complaint?
Who is that?
She wants less fucking.
Or more pizza.
I missed all of that.
She was saying they're bad books
because people are fucking just too
wantedly.
No one can walk five steps without
just rogering somebody next to them.
That's what the movie is about?
Is everyone just doing it with each other?
I don't know.
The book.
Bring her up.
Will you come up on stage so we can
see you and hear you?
I want to talk about this.
What's your name?
Let's put a face to the shame.
Give me a hug.
No, I'm kidding.
Sorry.
What's your name, madam?
My name is Angel.
You're looking very smart.
Obviously.
Hello.
This is like reading rainbow.
You're going to give us your book report on
50 Shades of Grey.
You say you're a book and a half then.
Does that mean you are currently reading one of the books?
My friend and I both got to the same place.
We were like, I can't believe I actually wanted
there to be a plot.
I didn't think there was enough sex.
Guess get her up here.
Bring it on up, sister.
Bring it on up.
Point, counter points.
That's my friend.
Now we have a discussion on our hands.
Oh, and then we have a good question
I got tweeted in.
You explain.
What is your name?
My name is Laura.
Angel and Laura.
Yes.
Guess how our lives go.
I know how tonight's going to go.
Let us know.
I agree that they could be in a restaurant
and all of a sudden they have to have sex, but
I don't know.
Don't even go to the bathroom.
Go in the parking lot.
It's just they need to calm down.
But it wasn't good sex.
That's the point.
It's about SNM, but it's like
I don't give a shit anymore.
Older people like it and think it's risque,
but we grew up with the internet,
so it's not.
Interesting.
Some of those old people grew up on the internet,
so we're actually just bored with all sex.
I feel like I'm just like
an asexual lump of clay.
You really don't look like it.
Thanks, baby.
Baby.
Somebody asked a question that I think
we could all take a stab at here.
This person's
Twitter handle is
yesee underscore bev
and they say, if you could tell one person
about 9-11 before it happened,
who would you tell and why?
What would change?
You got to pick one person.
It's pretty easy, right, though?
Don't you just...
You tell...
The pilot?
The pilot knew.
The pilot knows, yeah.
You mean the actual pilot?
Your own personal life.
Don't you just tell like
the...
I'd tell her, so I could just say
I told you so
and make her mad.
You tell some really old school
stop.
Some guy who's seen it all.
Somebody should...
I mean
I'm not saying that I'm the guy who would do this,
but somebody should have told Bryant Gumbel
because
the video of him
as it's going down
is insane.
It's the most confounding thing
in the world because they're telling him
what's going down and he's just seen it going.
So let me understand.
A building?
And it's like you're there.
He's in it as it's going on.
It goes on for hours and hours and hours.
He wouldn't get off the air
so that somebody could explain to him what was going on.
And I can't imagine people were trying to explain
to him what was going on.
It was all live feeds with people telling him
what was happening and he just kept
repeating the same question over
and people were getting angry with him.
The experts on the ground were getting angry.
Was he just in disbelief?
It was just him
I don't know what he was doing,
but it was just him and his own rhetoric
trying to parlay this into a real sports interview.
If it was a hypothetical
then the backdrop
changes and now there's no building
and he's still kind of struggle with it.
There's an ad now with he
and
Katie Couric
and it's based on his humor
dealing with the internet.
But this is the same thing
with this real
non-
humorous event that's going on
in real time.
Fuck that guy.
I don't know a bad way.
Will there be a 9-12?
Yes.
You know what would be a good movie?
It starts with that question
like Michael Cain
is Mr. Destiny or somebody
who comes and says
you can go on anybody you want
about 9-11
go.
You go and it cuts to
Robert Downey Jr.
goes up the White House steps
and he's like
Mr. President
and Mr. President says yeah
and he says the 9-11 is going to happen.
Let me explain exactly what 9-11 is going to be.
I got 10 minutes
and you don't want to hear it all
so you cut to like a cigarette
that shortens
and then he's like
and it's going to happen on 9-11
and the mnemonic device for that is
it's an emergency
and also it's September 11th
so 2001 so
okay.
He doesn't tell him that he's traveled
in time though
so then he goes back to the present
Robert Downey Jr. and he gets there
and it's like
everything's the same
9-11 happened just
the same way
you know why?
Why?
They let it happen.
He spends some time trying to make sure
oh did it not maybe it was a dream
and he's the only guy that can prove
that it actually was
an inside job because he told him
right but his evidence is
a strange story
about going back in time.
But he has
the president makes the mistake
of saying
this was great 9-11 forewarning thank you
I want you to take my lucky
rabbit's foot
it's a presidential lucky rabbit's foot
the guy didn't think anything of it
and when he traveled
back to the present
he ran into his ex-girlfriend
who he hates but
but
who he loves and
he gives it to her
he goes like you know what here take this
she's like I'm gonna go study
overseas and he's like
take this and she's like why he's like
someone gave me
so then he goes home
and it's like oh 9-11 happened just like
regular and he's like what it must have been
an inside job because I said that rabbit's foot
I got to get that rabbit's foot
but my ex-girlfriend has it and I hate her
and she's overseas
I need another Michael Cain
scene at this point
I told you the rules to this thing
can't go back
can't go back once
come on I need it
oh yeah stop wait
oh
so yes
no yeah
yeah
is Robert Downey Jr playing himself
uh yeah
yes that's why he didn't
need to get a tour or anything like he just
walked up the White House steps
was that rdj down there
that's that was my president
speaking of it somebody requested your
Obama if you want to
I'll do the we'll do the scene
where I'm Robert Downey Jr
Obama wasn't president during that one
yeah
that wouldn't work
well he finds Obama
in a cafe
who's going over his presidential
nomination forms
uh and uh yeah
Mr. President
I mean uh
Barack
jump in the gun there a little bit aren't you
look
if I sit down my name is
Robert Downey Jr
uh well it's a free country
uh and uh
quite frankly I'm not going to pretend that I don't know
who you are
I'm going to sit
on the chair
by turning it around and straddling it
just to add some energy
here's the deal
9-11 is going to happen
the date
or is there some new ban
that I'm not familiar with
there's going to be some planes
and they're going to
3-11 is bad enough
it's
on 9-11
it all happens on 9-11
what I've got to do is get
to my people
and we've got to
come up with a policy for this
and there are proper channels
for making this happen
just as long as you stop 9-11
that's all I care about
I'll see you later
well you sure you don't want to
oh alright
I mean I had a couple of these
Danishes and certainly I can only get through
half of them
but there it goes
just stop 9-11
president
I got 5 minutes left
in 1999
maybe I should go
you know what I don't know if you like steak
oh
but while you're here there's a 5 minute steak place
that's around the corner
alright well I'll probably get to make
watch them make it
but then I gotta go
doggie bag
is the steak better
in 1999 than it ever will be
it'd be 10 years old
be a seared Kobe beef
a mix of green peppers
and black peppers
when do people start fucking
I somehow lost my
hashtag search
alright
based on Dan's Michael Cain impression
campaign to get him into
the trip 3
I don't know what that means
I don't like pop cultural references
they both do very funny Michael Cain
impressions in that
it's very good
the end
please fix the red cup
in the ice bucket my OCD can't take it
I mean OCD doesn't
mean you can't handle things
being at an angle
there's no proper way
for a cup to be
don't blame that on OCD
you crazy person
I was going to tweet
asking if there's spare vodka
but my phone ran out of battery
oh yeah
help yourself
no no help yourself
I just don't want to dig in the ice with my hand
I'm what?
your manners sir
no I
I'm trying not to
I don't want to touch your ice
with manners if you think about it
alright
are you two good friends
have you known each other for a long time?
where'd you guys grow up?
Tucson?
oh yeah
yeah but we're like
the friends that hate each other too
why's that?
she's really funny
she's so funny
I know
but I
really don't you have that though everybody has that friend
that they really love but they also kind of hate sometimes
like a frenemy?
no
maybe if you go in a staycation
together
on
on vanilla day
Levi wants to know how does Jerry McSeinfeld
feel about the potato shortage
ahem
how come it's got to be a potato shortage?
why can't it be a tall edge?
alright
thank you
thank Jeff for Teen Wolf
okay
that's my best work
this guy says I have bone conduction speakers
you can try
fourth row
really?
wow we've got the skull speakers
bring him to Jeff
let Jeff try them
what kind of bone?
what goes on here?
it's a google glass
right?
and then put it on
wow
tap the side and go to a
video of Dan rapping or something
right now he just turned it off
now it's on
tap it again
okay glass, record video
this is wild
It's doing whatever you pull it to.
OK, so it's recording a video.
So if I talk real loud right now, and then it'll do 10 seconds,
and then it'll stop.
And then if you replay the video, then it'll come out.
A speaker here on the side.
OK, that's 10 seconds.
All right.
Oh, I heard that.
So now, tap it.
Yeah, tap it to hit play, and it'll say play video.
And then it'll play video.
Play?
Yeah, hit play.
And then the way you can tell bone conduction
is when it's playing, if you push this against your skull,
it'll get louder.
Or if you close your ears like this,
then it gets louder because it's making your head vibrate.
Nothing's happening.
Here, here, here we go.
I don't hear a shit.
I see you moving.
You also might have heard these aren't that popular,
and people make them.
Theoretically, that's how it works.
I mean, I felt like an enormous piece, but I
don't know what I'm saying.
That's a primary purpose question.
What is your name?
Daniel.
Come on, Daniel, thank you very much.
That's our tech correspondent, Daniel,
with the now discontinued Google Glass, which,
so when you get the Google Glass, is there like a,
is the bone conducting speakers like an option,
like a sunroof on a car?
Or a mandatory.
Oh, OK.
It's kind of at the side here in the middle.
And it really sounds like a radio.
Normal speakers, and you, so like if you're at a concert
and you're listening to it, you can plug your ears,
and you can, like if you're having a phone conversation
with someone, and then you can hear it,
even though there's loud things around you,
because it's going through your head.
Interesting.
The brunette to your left, the redhead or the black guy,
F, murder, kill, go.
I wandered into that like a, look, I'm not allowed.
I took vows that preclude me from playing
fuck, murder, kill, ever again.
I'll save it for you.
Just fuck.
Murder and kill are the same thing, so yeah.
Well, Mary, Mary, it's Mary.
Oh, Mary.
Probably her.
You can kill me, I don't care.
I don't know where to live.
All right, great.
It's all about the shirt.
I didn't mean to make this dark.
Yeah, that didn't seem like a sincere threat or anything.
All right, well, let's, why don't we thank these young ladies
and get them out of here.
Thank you, Angela and Laura.
Thanks, ladies, thanks for your 50 Shades of Grey report.
And they added some energy, right?
Yeah.
Right.
All right.
Yeah, this show isn't free fall right now, man.
We should do something every 9-11.
All right.
I'm always going to notice it.
So what do we do every 9-11?
Uh, what?
Make a wish.
Make a wish?
If you use that wish for anything other than there to be no more 9-11s, you're an asshole,
right?
I would like you to do it every 9-11.
I want you to go into some sort of weird Michael Cain scene.
You see Michael Cain on acting, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Who's the comic, the Michael Cain in the love scene?
I love you.
Michael, let's do it again, but a little more romantic this time.
All right.
I bloody love you.
Who is that comic?
We'll find out.
Is Rob Schrab in the house?
I hear his dumb laugh.
He has to get prepped to shoot the Matt Barry episode.
Take off the pants.
What do you have to lose?
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you what I have to lose.
Uh, the, uh, the, the, the secret of my skit mark is what I, uh, I, I am, I'm, I'm pretty
certain that, uh, that it'll be, yeah, gross if I take off my pants.
What sort of underwear do you wear?
You're like, you a tidy whitey guy?
What do you got?
Uh, I think boxers, what do you wear?
I can't remember.
Like they're like box, they're like, they're like boxer briefs.
Boxer briefs.
You can't remember the underwear you wear because I put them on like, you know, each pair is
like three weeks.
So, you know, I can't, then I just throw them in the garbage and buy a new pack.
They're so different.
What does the Latin on the Harmontown seem to, I mean, uh, I think it means, uh, we,
uh, we, we, we found a city without tyranny.
We write in Latin without understanding.
Uh, you're welcome.
Uh, Caesar back there.
Uh, Jeff, Jeff Rapp, please.
NBA rap.
Yeah.
You don't like the NBA?
Are you, are you racist, bro?
I used to like the NBA.
I grew up as a Laker fan, man.
It was awesome.
Back in the days.
Do an NBA rap.
Uh, Lakers, Lakers going down the court, wearing aphoros and shorts that are short.
Oh, I've got skills.
This guy, Aaron Nelson says he needs to write a 9-11 song for us to play and sing along
to at 9-11.
That would be a good thing.
Okay.
Every 9-11.
But you know, don't make it.
Well, I don't know.
I'm not going to say don't make it, whatever.
I mean, it'll, it'll, it'll be perceived as offensive if that's how you want to perceive
it.
But I think we should, it'll be a solemn moment, 9-11, obviously it refers to a national tragedy.
And then we'll do something with that moment to this guy's music, maybe.
We'll try that.
And I guessed Dungeon Master.
Are you here?
This person that asked this?
Yeah.
How would you do that?
Improbable.
Let me, look, we're going to put a pin in that.
In the realm of ideas of that quality, this person says, bring Adam Goldberg up.
I don't think there's any way he could be here, right?
He, he, he, he, he, he'll materialize.
This would have been a, it's like, it's like Candyman.
But, historically, he, he, he's made his presence known already if he's here, right?
Yeah.
Oh, give something away at 9-11, this person suggests.
That's a good idea.
Okay.
Can't, nobody.
We auction him off at 9-11.
Play, on the other side of the spectrum, this person's saying, play Jenga at 9-11.
That's, yeah.
Yeah.
Bad person.
You're a bad person.
You hear that?
That's what you do to people when you think?
Uh, I just tuned in what the hell is going on.
What was, what was the last movie you saw?
Uh...
Didn't you say Monuments Men?
Well, I tried to watch it Nightcrawler.
I kept falling asleep.
I, I, I was really into it, but I just, very sleepy.
I really want to finish watching Nightcrawler, but I keep, I, I keep falling asleep.
Nightcrawler's awesome.
You ever gonna write a movie?
We've talked about this before.
Yeah.
I gotta, I just gotta, I just gotta write a bad enough season of community, that they
stop making me do more, uh, and then I'm gonna write on those movies.
I think you should write your 9-11 movie.
Wait, what is it, Dan Harmon Potato Shortage is now showing up as a trending hashtag next
to Chevy Chase?
Not really.
Oh, just in Chicago.
That makes sense.
It's an improvised podcast.
Yeah, Chevy did the, uh, SNL thing tonight.
He made an appearance.
I saw that on Twitter.
And so did Eddie Murphy, who long has not appeared near SNL.
Wasn't he kind of banned from it or something like that?
I think it was more like, wasn't he more, was he banned or was he like the other way around?
Like he wouldn't go.
I don't know.
Who knows.
All right.
Well, okay.
That was Twitter interaction.
Kind of hot, huh?
I mean, it kind of works.
Like imagine if, imagine if I didn't have to look at my phone, that applause was so sad.
I think that if we had like a little monitor down there, and then we could see it, or you
could curate it.
You're the comptroller.
Right.
Alright.
It is hot up here, so I might as well just, I just feel, I mean, it's like somebody tweeted
a picture.
I know what I look like.
Everyone I love that married this, she has to, she has to look at this tonight.
After watching Fifty Shades of Grey, you better buy a lot of pizza.
Alright.
Have you ever done any bondage, sadal masticism stuff?
Do you guys ever do like kinky shit?
You guys mean Aaron?
Yeah.
Or previous gals, or?
When I was younger, because I thought you had to try everything, I tried all the, you
know, I tried a little bit of tying somebody, you know, down, I'm like, okay, now you're
tied down.
I mean, it kind of felt like you were obligated to stay here before that, you know, like social
anxiety is more, more pressing to me than like my dad's neckties.
Were you ever tied up?
Did you ever get tied down?
I think, well, I think we took turns this, I was like young enough that I was like, well,
let's do that.
And then I also like, I went by, oh, let's get the food, let's do the food, so the dumbest.
You see people in the movies with the food, with the whipped cream and the, it's just
like, oh, this is sticky and gross.
And now it's more like hot dairy products, that's gross.
Sex is pretty dumb.
I mean, the people that enjoy it, like, they don't stop doing it, they like have to keep
doing it, which is a good sign that it's dumb, right?
Like it's not, it's not like they can do it for like, and then, oh, hey, Marissa, I didn't
know you were in town.
It's the strangest show.
That's Marissa, she does the, she hosts, has created the Having Changed Tumblr blog, which
has been up since the start of this podcast, really, right?
Because I made some comment about how there's no Tumblr blogs about me, and then you made
one.
So she's been in our corner ever since, she was at our wedding.
So what other kind of food did you guys do?
Do you whip the whipped cream?
What else?
I have whipped cream and chocolate sauce or some shit.
I just remember whipped cream, I'm like, I think maybe honey, I can't remember.
Only thing I remember is it being, just dumb, just being, it's like sex, you know, sex is
something that you do with someone you love because, you know, the alternative is masturbating,
which is an exclusive act, an exclusionary, it's a bad message to send.
So you invite the other person in, let's do this together.
And every once in a while, a new life is created by this act.
That person germinates in the uterus, is extracted from it, placed on a stainless steel scale,
even a barcode, sent home after several vaccinations, which, oh, and then 18 years later goes to
work at Verizon.
And so does she, oh, that's special someone, and then they go, and then Verizon keeps growing.
It's a great species, it's really fun, I'm sure 50 shades of gray really put the magic
back in it.
Did you ever, like, dress up or do any, like, costumes or something like that?
Dress up?
Well, I mean, yeah, I guess, well, not like a panda or anything, I don't know, I'm 42
years old, I've tried everything once.
Somebody's bone conductor's turned off, yeah, I've tried everything once, yeah, yeah, once.
Gang bang?
Not scapula, no, no, no.
I didn't, I haven't done pee and poop and, yeah, the pee and the poo and the blood thing
is not for me, I don't need any of that in my life.
I mean, I haven't tried everything, everything, yeah, that's silly for me to say, I've tried
everything like a normal person, like, like, like, consider, like, like, like, this is
like three things, like, it's like 900 things I haven't tried, I haven't put a toe in my
butt, that's the, it's like, and you could do all 10 toes and that's 10 things I haven't
done.
You put a Schrab. up your butt?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I did.
Mass, the mask work?
How are we, how are we gonna, how are we gonna get through tonight?
How are we gonna do, how are we gonna do a show?
Are we warmed up yet?
I'm warm, I'm shaking, I'm stopped.
Oh, that's my post supervisor, he's canceling the, canceling post tomorrow, he's probably
figured out I'm not gonna be editing, yeah, yeah, I'll have to be writing, thank you.
Sorry, I'm on the stage, okay, there we go, post super, podcast gold, do you guys have
any Minecraft questions?
What mod am I running?
I'm running a mod pack called Feed the Beast Infinity, it's available at FeedtheBeast.com,
it's called the Infinity Mod Pack, it's brand new, it's for 1.7 and it's very stable and
it has applied EnerGistix 2 in it, which I've been looking forward to for a while and just
gotten on my feet with that and I'm having a real good time.
It's a very balanced mod pack, very balanced, previous mod packs have done strange things,
experimental things like magical crops added, now you can grow everything, you don't even
have to do anything else, this is a good mod pack.
How many hours do you spend playing that, what's the longest you've disappeared?
I don't know, well I can't these days, maybe on the weekend, I'll just sit as long as my
body will let me, if it's not Valentine's Day and it's a weekend and I don't have something
to write, I will get up and I'll grab the laptop and be like, her, minecraft, ha ha ha.
Alright, let's figure something out.
Do you have any music on there that's like, not rap, like, I branch out?
Yeah, let's try, let's go over and do this.
When you move your body to the beat, when you see everybody in the street, you got the
action, I got the water, we'll put them both in a cup with our daughter, family, family
on the street, with a bucket and a cup, doing everything, what's up, family, family on the
street tonight, with a bucket and a cup, what's up, bucket, bucket, yo, yo, yo, my name is MC
John, I'm here to mow the lawn.
I'd like to use a rake, but that grass will not take, I've got to get up on the riding
mower.
So faster, don't go slower, mow around the trees and yard, I've fucked your mama hard.
I want to see you next Thursday night, I don't want to get into a fight, don't get in a fight
baby.
Cause you are my family and I love you, so you want, I won't steal your socks or your
shoes, family, cause you got what I need, family.
It's good, that was a good one, that was a good song, I like the fascinating character
of DJ, DJ John, I'm here to mow the lawn, DJ John was, DJ John was a refreshing departure
from the, from the profane evolution of rap, he was back to like a traditional like peas
and carrots kind of rap, but he, right at the end, he let you know, he's fucking your
mom, which makes sense because he, listening to him, I don't think he knew that much about
lawn care, he was, he wanted to use a rake.
That's a MacGuffin.
Who, who, who wrote some of this music, do we have to give credit to these people?
That is by Kevin MacLeod.
Remember Kevin, if you call my name.
Are you Highlander Reference?
Yes.
Kevin MacLeod.
Don't forget Kevin, we're from an alien planet.
What?
Highlander 2, fucked up, fucked up sequel.
They reveal at the beginning of Highlander 2 that all of the things that happened in
Highlander 1 were in a different framework, they were aliens, they just, they just forgot
that they were aliens, and then they remember, and then the Sean Connery says, remember also
don't forget that you, if you call my name, I'll come back to life.
So he does, and the Sean Connery comes back to life, but Sean Connery spends the entire
movie buying clothes.
All right, what other songs do you get in there?
It's only 23 seconds, it has to be short.
All right, here we go, from the top, from the top.
I got a beer, boots, and a pair of socks going to, wait, hold on, sorry, sorry, I can do
it, I can do it, I can do it.
I got corn syrup on my hat, I'm going out, how about that, going to grab some corn,
going to grab some hay, fuck your mama, I'll live a long day, I've got a banjo on my knee.
All right, thank you, thank you, thank you, thanks, thanks.
Oh yeah, yeah, about time, it's about time, it's about that time.
Wait, what time is it?
It's about that time, I have a slow watch, I want to know what time it is.
Could you tell me what time it is?
I got an appointment coming up tomorrow.
We've been having a sweet old time, but I got to know what time it is.
Timekeeper, timekeeper, it's like a Swiss clock tonight.
We've been hoeing low long day to the break of the dong dong.
What'd you say?
Don't fuck with me.
I'm just trying to know what you're saying.
So I'm not even trying to play, I just got to know what time it is.
See, that's gibberish.
I don't know why I work with you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
Why are you all fighting?
Oh shit, it's my mom.
Why are you all down here fighting, sitting in my basement all night?
What time is it?
That's what I'm asking.
I set the grandfather clock on the wall, I'm not getting any sleep at all.
Your father and I got work in the morning.
That's cheating.
Can't you speak gibberish, man?
Ah shit, I'm going to bed.
Baby, what was that?
Those kids down in the basement.
Why they always going to be like that?
Why they're always waking up like that?
Don't these motherfuckers get any sleep?
I don't know baby, what time you keep?
Quarter to three.
The dad knew what time it was, the whole time.
Thanks guys, thanks.
That was really nice, I was kind of hoping DJ John made an appearance about it.
This is like a whole Sesame Street of characters you've got going on.
I think we should explore that town a little bit more.
I'd like to know everybody that lives in that building, the whole block.
Alright, well, what else you got?
None of them knew what time it was.
Are they brothers or are they best friends?
They're in the basement and the mom was coming down and then she went back up to her husband.
I think there was something going on between the mom and the friend.
Wow.
Vincent Press?
In the age of innocence, there is a prophecy that one will come.
Who will change the innocence to guilt.
The keepers of this prophecy are called the Starwalkers.
Reclusive by nature, they keep to a hallowed hall atop the trees of Wisconsin.
We join them now at breakfast.
Do you want more eggs?
Starwalker.
I have not satiated my taste for eggs.
I would like another egg.
I will make you one more egg.
The time keepers walk skywalkers, sir.
What were they called?
Starwalkers.
Sea eggs is the center of all power.
Here is yours.
I scrambled it.
I tried to make it sunny side up.
Then it became scrambled.
I put my hand to it and draw from it its essence with my mind.
Since the beginning of time, the sky guardians, what were they called?
Starwalkers.
They derived their nutrition manually, preferring to save the mouth for verbal communication.
What say you of the prophecy?
There will be three leaves in this tree.
All three will fall.
One will land.
Father.
You are up early.
There is a man on the lawn.
He's got a rake.
He just seems to be fiddling around out there.
Be calm, my young one.
I will see what this is about.
You there.
You are tending the lawn?
Yes.
My name is John.
John.
I prefer a rake if that's what it take.
But I mow the grass like your mama ass.
Your mama's ass.
My name is John.
Momfucker.
I'm here to say, I fucked so many moms today.
I fucked them in the east.
I fucked them in the south.
Three hours later.
In the mouth.
I have never heard of this practice.
I am a star.
Walker.
I'm coming up.
You're not supposed to.
Get off the ladder.
Give me the bucket of lava.
He's not slowing down.
He's a skeleton.
He's a flaming skeleton.
My name is John.
Run, run to the panic room.
Does it work?
Did they fix it?
Get in the panic room.
Jesus.
This is a difficult sort.
And you said, no panic room.
You said, let's go to Cancun.
Turn that money into fun, you said.
One person in this tree top thinks about our safety.
The prophecy said three leaves would fall.
We three should jump and leave him here.
Okay.
I fear only one of us will make it.
And so it is I take this time to say goodbye.
Going out the window of the panic room.
The ill advised window.
The panic room window.
I wanted to see.
You guys don't even lock that window.
It defeats the whole point of having a panic room.
Father, it's me.
Don't be alarmed.
The panic room needs sunlight, you said.
Fine.
Great.
All right.
So the three of us jump.
Right.
It is said in the Skywalker tradition.
Sky, sky, Skywalker.
That one need not fear death.
For death is only the beginning.
But that day, as my toes perched on the wooden sill of my panic room window.
Arms outstretched like a bold but fearful crane.
I tasted what God must have felt the day he gave us life.
The fear that it was all for nothing.
Well, my name is John.
I was a skeleton all along.
I wanted to take over the house.
Now I got it all to myself.
I got a rake over here and a shovel over there.
I can do long care all day.
I don't even have to rhyme anymore.
I'm just big bad John and I got my own home.
I'm going to sit down on the couch.
Going to make myself at home.
I'm a burnt skeleton because they poured lava on me.
This is what I deserve.
My name is John.
I'm walking all this long day.
Hop, hop, to the hip, to the hop, hop.
Hippity hop, hop, hip, hop.
My name is John.
I do your lawn, but I don't take no shit today.
Hip hop to the hebbity hop.
I said the hop, hop, bippity hop.
Hop, hop, hop.
Did you ever see a White House with a president in it?
Fuck that, motherfucker.
I'll fuck the government.
Fucking government.
My name is John.
Big bad John all day long.
Take care of your lawn, ding dong, ding dong.
I take your daisies down
to a regular town
and I sell them at the bazaar.
I drive back in my car.
It's powered by the sun.
Green energy.
Fuck the president.
My name is John.
Oh.
Father, are you okay?
Oh, no.
My back is broken.
Would you perhaps like some eggs?
Oh.
How am I the only one that got hurt?
I walked down.
There's a, what?
There's a stairs?
John was just on the couch rapping.
He didn't even see me.
He was just getting really irritable
about the government.
Father, I'll go to the medicine tree.
Did any of you ever think
that we've done all we've done
for nothing?
Yes.
But
one must
understand that it is all
a process of becoming
and whether you are in the panic
window, panicking
whether you are in the air
flying and dying and landing
and whether you're the clever
son
cascading down a flight of stairs
made more stable by lava
that has now ceased to be lava
and is
merely
igneous.
Father, father, father.
Uncle Rico, sorry to interrupt.
I'm getting a reading on the radar.
It appears to be some sort of spacecraft
coming inbound.
It takes the elder.
Shhh!
How the mighty have fallen!
Expecting to see an elder?
It's me.
Tom Young.
Tude fat from living in your trees?
Living your dreams?
Did a rat bring
lawn man make you fall?
I told you
there was war in this universe and you
refused to heed my call.
Now you lay on the floor with the rest
of the animals clutching at your broken
back waiting for medicine
trees.
The medicine has gone to the front.
Gird your lines
and join the war, a parish here!
Shhh!
Fuck! God damn it!
That was...
maybe just a cameo, I guess.
Is he coming back, father?
Whoa!
Well, what have we here?
The elders
struck down like animals from the
pride atop the treetops.
Ha ha ha ha!
Wasn't so long ago you refused us food
and weapons for our war.
Ha ha ha!
Jesus Christ,
everyone hated us.
Worm people.
Worm people detect
elders.
How's...
you've been stricken down
to worm level.
You should have helped us
with our war.
Oh, sorry.
Worm people theme.
Underground
where the waters found
moisture
Neutrients
Neutrients.
Where did they went?
Have to find those nutrients
before the rain drives us up.
You're looking for notes on my keys.
My mucous membrane
protects my outer shell.
I wriggle around.
I do very well.
I am a worm.
And my worm culture
will prevail.
Ha ha ha ha!
To talk.
I'm a worm rapper.
I'm a rapper.
Wrapping worm.
Watch me squirm.
Stop.
What did I tell you?
Bad rapper.
Go practice.
Sun comes up.
Moon goes down.
Worms around.
We are everywhere.
Our worm culture will prevail.
Move through the dirt.
Rumors I heard.
Worm armies.
Must mount for our defense.
Worm swords.
Worm shields.
Worm horses. Never yield.
These worm colors never run.
Mucous in the sun.
I will never fail my wormy queen.
Until she kisses with this machine.
My name is little worm Tony.
I will...
No, get out!
Worm people.
Dwelling in the dirt that we make up.
Did you know that 90% of the dirt worms live in
is made up of dead worms?
Yes, I did.
This may sound gross to you.
Above the soil line.
But down here.
That shit do me fine.
Worm people out.
Jesus.
Fuck.
This is a terrible, terrible opera.
Are these characters going to come back or...
Father, I feel like the Starwalkers used to be a proud culture,
but it seems like everybody kind of hates our guts.
We've let a lot of people down.
Wisdom brings its labor.
There is a small place in the world for ponderous people
who look at eggs.
Muse about the future.
Father, I'm getting another reading.
I think it's that asshole Tom Young's coming back.
He's got two Russians with him.
It's me, Tom Young.
And here's my Russian friend.
Hello.
Is this what you wanted?
I'm not trying...
I don't want to be difficult, but...
I don't...
What was the idea?
It was a callback to the potato guys.
Throw a road flare in the gas tank.
Shit. Run.
My back. I'm dying.
I died.
Oh, Jesus.
It's Jesus of the Elders.
Get out.
Tree hell.
Whoa, the gasoline.
It's filled with gas. Run.
Shit. Run.
Jump off the edge of the earth.
We're becoming a singularity.
We're in another zone.
Oh, shit. It's the devil.
Ow.
Oh, he's shitting on us.
I'm drowning in his shit.
Ow!
Whole universe exploded.
My name is John.
That's to happen from the president.
Fuck the president.
My name is John.
I mow your lawn.
I'd like to do a whip
with all your lawn.
I'd like to do it with a rake.
But that's all I can take.
My name is John. I'm on your lawn.
Hip hop to the hippity hop.
Yo, did you ever see
a vampire quite like me?
Oh, shit. It's a Dracula.
Hippity hop.
Oh, shit. Vampire back.
I'm running away from that.
I'm a vampire going to bite your neck.
Oh, shit. Fuck you. My name is Beck.
Bing bong.
What? Your name is Beck?
Father, look. It fits in price.
Oh, yes.
Spiders crawling
on every part
of your genitals
with little
pink socks on each of their eight feet
so that it feels good
like little
berry tongues.
That's not scary.
My name is John.
It's Halloween.
I'm going to the party scene.
Trick or treat. Trick or death.
I fucked your mom like that.
My name is John.
I take care of all your lawns.
I mow every grass in every city.
I mow your mama's kitty.
She enjoyed it.
My
name is
John.
But I got a secret.
I'm a lion.
Running through the forest.
Gotta get past this.
Find my quarry.
In the quarry.
I killed a rabbit.
Take it back to the ladies.
Whoa.
Stop it.
Say what?
Family! Family!
You have got to have
a family.
Don't you get bit by a bat?
I turned it to a lion like that.
That was a cautionary tale.
John fell.
You shouldn't be him like him.
Thanks for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
DeMorge Brown.
John is here!
I Alexand Nacht turbo!
I'm Jeff Davis.
Paul is here!
This is a man I've never met before.
It was the warehouse idea.
gr banner name.
In my mind.
Their family.
This was the cool idea.
My name is Hippity John, I got a Jim, John, Jimity, John, a jip hop.
I like to use a rake, a shovel, if that's what it takes.
But I prefer to use a lawn mower.
I fucked your mom's show and not a girl.
Well, I'm a big John and I'm on your lawn.
I got to blow, blow, blow, don't own a log.
I got a hip, hop, hippity hop.
Another hip, hop, hip, hip, hop.
I need hip, hop, hop, hip, hip, hop.
I need hip, hop, hop, hop, hop.
Jimity, Jim.
I got a hip, hop, never stop.
My name is John.
Good night, everybody.
Hip, hop, run it all day long.
All day long, sing my song.
I got a hip, hop, hipity, hop.
I got a hip, hip, hop, got a hipity, hop.
My name is backer John.
I'm on your fucking lawn.
I got a hip, hop, bowing the lawn.
Everybody gonna sing my song.
Hip, hop, hipity, hop.
Everybody eat some dipping dots.
Happy birthday, Zach.
Happy birthday.
Hip, hop, go to hip, hip, hop.
Oh.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.